hey folks it's Stu from Evolution
Unleashed and today I have a relatively
short video showing you how to use canva
and their brand new AI Studio to
instantly fix issues with dol3 text
generation so do 3 is a new image editor
from open AI you'll be able to access it
through Bing or cat GPT now I prefer cat
GPT because you can change esic ratios
you can use a lot more of the reasoning
you can post your post and say create me
an image to go with it
But whichever platform you're using
you're still going to create images
where it's stunning but the text is
sometimes wrong so we're going to show
you how to use canva to fix it instantly
when you get an image you like let me
show you what I mean we'll jump into uh
here's an image I created in chat GPT
and you can see it's a very funky image
but we've got some spelling errors right
so there's the prompt if you want to see
it you can pause the video uh let me
open that for a bit longer okay so
that's the prompt that cat GPT wrote for
me for the image here here's the uh text
but we've got Claude spelled wrong we've
got guides spelled wrong uh Unleashed is
spelled wrong and welcome so we've got
four key errors but I really like the
image if I regenerate I might lose it so
let's save this image using this button
because it downloads in the right format
if you right click and save you'll often
get a webp or whatever Chrome uh
extension which won't open in canva so
once you've done that you want to go
into canva so here's canva
meet magic Studio well folks you're
about to we're going to go create a
design and we're going to use the import
file and then we're going to come I've
got the original on my desktop okay so
we'll open that and then that will
create this we want to use it in a new
design we're going to stick to the size
that it gave us so we don't have to
worry about
resizing and then here we are in the
editor right but still no text we can't
do anything it's just one giant image
well this is where canvas really stepped
up their game the first time you click
edit photo uh once you open canva with
the new uh Magic Studio installed which
is automatic It'll ask you if you want
to use the new editor you definitely
want to say yes so there's uh five new
options Magic Eraser will allow you to
erase a particular aspect so let's say
you didn't want this dude here you could
erase it using this magic expand notice
we didn't come all the way to the edge
so the magic expand you'll see that in a
number of other tools it will just
generatively fill any gaps as you
stretch it out it will just create new
image to uh expand it out obviously
magic edit so this will allow you to
change one thing to another so we might
click that and we might change this and
say make it a blue robot something like
that you got magic grab which will bring
all the graphical elements um able to be
seleted so when you click that all these
people you'll be able to move them
around all all these different things
where all the layers will come out we
don't want to do that right now and
instead today we're going to use grab
text so we'll click that and what it
does is it scans the image for text and
then creates text boxes that you can
edit and even better it allows you to
use whatever font was in the uh post to
start with so here you can see even the
the weird writing on the wall we can fix
that we can fix this one look you see
these are now all text boxes so
let's start here and look we can just
delete that you see there's an extra a
in the welcome uh so we want to delete
the
a quickly fix the uh message here so
says welcome we'll put an exclamation
mark uh let's capitalize it out so yep
we can do everything oh that's such good
spelling you're not following me for my
spelling folks or typing skills uh let's
just get that there there um so let's
Center that up a bit better we got this
little element here to get rid of that
we would have to use the other um the
graphical element grab and then guides
is spelled wrong so let's just add a
capital I now we have guide spelled
correctly then lastly this little one up
here c l a u d is how we spell clae we
can even expand it and as you can see
it's not quite in the right place so I
can reposition and voila we now have our
completed D 3 image with correct text we
can now just share download or share it
straight to mobile uh uh social and
you're done so folks real easy simple
way to take wonderful Dy three images
with bad text and within a minute or so
you can just fix it up in canva so no
more faulty text issues cool tool hope
you've enjoyed it if you like this sort
of thing please subscribe we got plenty
more AI Tut and AI videos coming where
we'll show you some new possibilities
and if you want to link to our Unleashed
family you can get into some prompting
we've got that in the description so
really appreciate it if you like And
subscribe we'll see you in the next one
peace